# ZTF_ImprovedModel
Large optical surveys have always been a very important tool to learn more about the universe. By observing these wide field images we can optimize the processing of information, and then use more detailed, larger telescopes to follow up on hypotheses created from the wide field images. In my research project, we use data collected from one of these large optical surveys, The Zwicky Transient Facility, (ZTF), to provide a critical (ultra)low-resolution measure of a source’s spectral energy distribution. To date, Most studies only use the ZTF filters and CCD response, ignoring other critical elements and the atmosphere, resulting in an increased error percentage. This study introduces a proposed solution that uses our knowledge of optical elements to make an improved model of transmission collected from the three bands of ZTF. The elements we found to have the greatest potential to affect the throughput are; atmospheric absorption, primary mirror, window, filter, AR Coating, field flattener, and quantum efficiency (CCD). In this project, we used the data from each of these elements and multiplied the interpolated value by each band. After accounting for each element we have the final transmission percent that represents the total amount of photons visible after these optical elements are accounted for. These improved models for total filter throughput are essential for accurately understanding observations, comparing observations to models, and will be very useful for any researcher interested in using data collected from ZTF images.
